# FAQs about Lab2 (Bomb Lab)

+ Bomb Lab score not getting updated on Autolab?

  The scoreboard is updated every 20 seconds. It may take one minute or more to give you an updated page.

+ What will be the format of the inputs in this txt file so the bomb can read the correct solutions stored in the file?

  Put your keys for each of the phases on individual lines. There would be 6 lines in your .txt.

+ Do we only care about the assembly code in the six phases to get the correct solutions?

  No. You may need to find some clues in the memory or registers, not only the .asm.

+ For the secret phase, it seems like it does not credit our actual grade, but is it a must-do?

  What secret phase? Never heard of that. Dr. Evil should have 6 phases for you. Did he leave something interesting? Maybe. I don’t know.

+ Check the difference between `mov` and `lea`: In short, `LEA` is the only instruction that performs memory addressing calculations but doesn’t actually address the memory. `LEA` accepts a standard memory addressing operand, but does nothing more than store the calculated memory offset in the specified register, which may be any general-purpose register. For example,

  `leaq 8(%rdi), %rax ==> R[%rax] = 8 + R[%rdi]  
  movq 8(%rdi), %rax ==> R[%rax] = M[8 + R[%rdi]]`

  Do not mix hexadecimal and decimal!

+ Why does my code editor report missing header files `support.h` and `phases.h` in `bomb.c`?

  The .c file is just shown for you to know how the bomb accepts inputs and how stages are going. Keep working on the bomb.

+ Is there a way to skip a phase and try the next one?

  No. Remember it is a bomb. There is no reason you can skip a phase: People will die. Once a bomb BOOM, it BOOM!

+ I deleted something in the .c and recompiled it, but nothing works.

  The main function is provided only for your reference, compiling it won’t help. The binary is precompiled and generated by Autolab and will run according to how the original main function was.

+ What does “xchg” in strings_not_equal do?

  The x86 assembly actually uses **xchg %ax %ax** as a **nop** (no operation)

+ NOP?

  Read slides or textbooks to learn it.



**Again, This is a Bomb. Read everything before starting your Lab. Once it BOOM, IT BOOM! No excuse for regrading or reset. IT IS A BOMB!**

